{\rtf1\ansi\uc1\deff0\deflang1024
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}
{\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Zapf Chancery;}
{\f5\fnil\fcharset0 STIXGeneral;}
}
{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\stylesheet
{\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}
{\cs10 \additive\ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}
{\s1\qc\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext0 Part;}
{\s2\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}
{\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}
{\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}
{\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}
{\s6\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5;}
{\s7\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6;}
{\s8\qr\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext8 rightpar;}
{\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext9 centerpar;}
{\s10\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext10 leftpar;}
{\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equation;}
{\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationNum;}
{\s13\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationAlign;}
{\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationAlignNum;}
{\s15\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationArray;}
{\s16\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationArrayNum;}
{\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 theorem;}
{\s18\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 bitmapCenter;}
{\s20\qc\sb240\sa240\b\f0\fs36 \sbasedon0\snext21 Title;}
{\s21\qc\sa120\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 author;}
{\s22\ql\tqc\tx4536\tqr\tx9072\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext22 footer;}
{\s23\ql\tqc\tx4536\tqr\tx9072\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext23 header;}
{\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 caption;}
{\s31\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 Figure;}
{\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext32 Table;}
{\s33\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext33 Tabular;}
{\s34\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext34 Tabbing;}
{\s35\qj\li1024\ri1024\fi340\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext35 Quote;}
{\s38\ql\widctlpar\f3\fs20 \snext38 verbatim;}
{\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext46 List;}
{\s47\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext47 List 1;}
{\s50\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 latex picture;}
{\s51\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 subfigure;}
{\s61\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext62 bibheading;}
{\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext62 bibitem;}
{\s64\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext64 endnotes;}
{\s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext65 footnote text;}
{\s66\qj\fi-170\li454\lin454\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext66 endnote text;}
{\cs62\super \additive\sbasedon10 footnote reference;}
{\cs63\super \additive\sbasedon10 endnote reference;}
{\s67\ql\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext67 acronym;}
{\s70\qc\sa120\b\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext71 abstract title;}
{\s71\qj\li1024\ri1024\fi340\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 abstract;}
{\s80\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 contents_heading;}
{\s81\ql\li425\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb240\sa60\keepn\f0\fs20\b \sbasedon0\snext82 toc 1;}
{\s82\ql\li512\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext83 toc 2;}
{\s83\ql\li1024\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext84 toc 3;}
{\s84\ql\li1536\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext85 toc 4;}
{\s85\ql\li2048\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext86 toc 5;}
{\s86\ql\li2560\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext86 toc 6;}
}
{\info
{\title Original file was vita.tex}
{\doccomm Created using latex2rtf 2.2.1 r1191 (released Jun  8 2012) on Thu Mar 28 11:00:00 2013
}
}
{\footer\pard\plain\tqc\tx5239\tqr\tx10479 \tab
\tab
\par}
{\header\pard\plain\tqc\tx5239\tqr\tx10479 \tab
Larry D. Pyeatt, PhDCurriculum Vitae\tab
\chpgn \par}
\paperw12280\paperh15900\margl898\margr903\margt1079\margb490\pgnstart0\widowctrl\qj\ftnbj\f0\aftnnar
{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {{{\par
\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Larry D. Pyeatt, PhD \par
\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Curriculum Vitae\par
}}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 {1029 East Saint Francis St.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Rapid City, SD 57701 \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 ldpyeatt@gmail.com \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 (806)241-6151} \par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 1  Education\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {Doctor of Philosophy in Computer Science} {\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Colorado State University, 1999 \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Dissertation: {\scaps0\b0\i Integration of Partially Observable Markov Decision Processes and Reinforcement Learning for Simulated Robot Navigation}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Committee: Adele Howe (Chair), Charles Anderson, Darrell Whitley, Wade Troxell }\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 2  \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {Master of Science in Computer Science} {\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Texas Tech University, 1991 \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Thesis: {\scaps0\b0\i Application of the Neural Ring Pattern Classifier to Speech Recognition}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Committee: W. J. Bryan Oldham (Chair), Thomas M. English, Donald Gustafson}\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 3  \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {Bachelor of Science in Computer Science} {\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Texas Tech University, 1988 \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Minor in Psychology with additional course work in Mathematics and Electrical Engineering}\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 4  Research Interests\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {} {Robotics, Partially Observable Markov Decision Processes, Reinforcement Learning, Function Approximation, Bioinformatics, Agent Architectures, Real-time and Embedded Systems, Computer Forensic Analysis }\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 5  Honors and Awards\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {Academic} {\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Upsilon Pi Epsilon (computer science honor society), Texas Tech University, 1989\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Third Place Team, ACM International Programming Competition, Louisville, Kentucky, 1989\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Engineering Academic Scholarship, Texas Tech University, 1983}\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 6  \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {Texaco} {\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Patent Letter, August 30, 1995\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Patent Application Award, July 19, 1993 \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Exploration & Production Technology Department Award for Outstanding Supplier, February 23, 1993 \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Individual Outstanding Contribution (IOC) Award for Innovation, August 5, 1992}\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 7  Professional Experience\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {Associate Professor} {South Dakata School of Mines and Technology, Rapid City, South Dakota, 8/2012\endash present. Research in Robotics, Partially Observable Markov Decision Processes, and Reinforcement Learning. Teach several graduate and undergraduate courses, in areas of Robotics, AI, Computer Forensics, and core Computer Science curriculum. Direct research work of graduate students.}\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 8  \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {Associate Professor} {Texas Tech University, Lubbock, 1/2006\endash present. Research in Robotics, Partially Observable Markov Decision Processes, and Reinforcement Learning. Teach several graduate and undergraduate courses, in areas of Robotics, AI, Computer Forensics, and core Computer Science curriculum. Direct research work of graduate students.}\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 9  \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {Associate Department Chair}{Texas Tech University at Abilene, 8/2007 \endash  8/2010. All duties of Associate professor, plus manage the Computer Science department at Abilene. Developed strategic plan to increase enrollment of graduate students, improve Faculty recruitment and retention, and increase research productivity and external funding.}\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 10  \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {Visiting Associate Professor} {University of Missouri, Rolla, 1/2005\endash 12/2005. Taught graduate course in Markov Decision Processes and graduate course in Reinforcement Learning. Conducted research on two research projects in collaboration with Donald Wunsch. The projects involved optimal routing in disruption tolerant netorks and threat detection and evaluation using smart sensors. We wrote our own event-driven simulator for these projects, so they have taken some time to come into fruition. }\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 11  \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {Assistant Professor} {Texas Tech University, Lubbock, 9/99\endash 12/2004. As graduate advisor, led efforts to restructure and improve the graduate programs. Those efforts resulted in growth in enrollment of the MS and PhD programs, while also improving the quality of the students, both incoming and graduating. Performed research in Robotics, Partially Observable Markov Decision Processes, and Reinforcement Learning. Taught graduate and undergraduate courses including courses in digital logic, operating systems, reinforcement learning, and artificial intelligence. Directed research work of MS and PhD students.}\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 12  \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {Lecturer}{Colorado State University, Fort Collins, 9/98\endash 9/99. Taught courses in digital logic and assembly language, operating systems, and programming languages.}\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 13  \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {Graduate Research Assistant}{Colorado State University, Fort Collins, multiple appointments, 9/93\endash 9/98. Research in areas of partially observable Markov decision processes, robotics, neural networks and reinforcement learning, finding structure in discrete event sequences, geographical information systems (GIS), and genetic algorithms.}\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 14  \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {Senior Information Systems Programmer} {Texaco Inc., Houston 9/91\endash 9/93. Applied Artificial Intelligence techniques to Texaco business needs.}\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 15  \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {Graduate Research Assistant} {Texas Tech University, Lubbock, 8/88\endash 9/91. Research in neural networks and speech recognition.}\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 16  \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {Embedded Control Systems Engineer} {Applied Hydraulics, Lubbock, Texas, 1/87\endash 7/88. Designed and built microprocessor and sequential logic based systems for industrial control and data acquisition. }\par
{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{citations\} ... \\end\{citations\}}]\par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{citations\} ... \\end\{citations\}}]\par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{citations\} ... \\end\{citations\}}]\par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{citations\} ... \\end\{citations\}}]\par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{citations\} ... \\end\{citations\}}]\par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{citations\} ... \\end\{citations\}}]\par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{citations\} ... \\end\{citations\}}]\par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{citations\} ... \\end\{citations\}}]\par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{citations\} ... \\end\{citations\}}]\par
}\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 17  Departmental Service\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {} { Associate department chair, TTU CS at Abilene 2007\endash 2010\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  Lead Abilene branch of the Texas Tech Computer Science Department\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  Developed strategy to increase student enrollment\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  Developed strategy to increase research funding and productivity\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  Developed strategy to recruit and retain top faculty\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Coached Programming Team 1999\endash 2002\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Developed System Administrator Guidelines for the CS department network\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Developed System Usage Policies for the CS department network\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Served as graduate advisor 2000\endash 2001\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  Re-structured the degree requirements for MS degree\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  Created new forms and procedures to improve consistency and help enforce requirements\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  Worked to improve consistency in admissions\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  Developed new leveling requirements and created mechanisms to ensure compliance\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  Instituted policies that encourage students to take the thesis option\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  Drove the creation of posters and brochures to recruit graduate students\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Improved the quality of our computer systems support\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  Configured server to provide more reliable service\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  Installed numerous software packages on server and clients\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  Set up accounts for all students enrolled in CS courses\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  Provided email lists for faculty, staff, and students\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  Set up web-based system support request forms\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  Provided systems support to other faculty, staff, and students\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Organized the UIL Computer Science competition at Texas Tech\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Served on faculty recruiting committees, 2001\endash 2003\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Served on several M.S. thesis committees\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 }\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 18  Professional Service\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {Reviewer} {\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 2010 Journal of Machine Learning Research\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 2004 International Conference on Machine Learning\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 2002 IASTED International Conference on Applied Informatics (AI 2003)\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 2001 IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 2001 International Symposium on Adaptive Systems\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 2000 IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 1999 Journal of Experimental and Theoretical Artificial Intelligence\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 1999 IEEE Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \i0\scaps0\b0\f0  1998 American Journal of Mathematical and Management Sciences\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 }\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 19   \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {Program Committees} {\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 2004 International Conference on Machine Learning\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 2001 Third International Symposium on Adaptive Systems \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 }\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 20  International Service\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {External Examiner} { PhD defense of Adam Milstein, \ldblquote Improved Particle Filter Based Localization and Mapping,\rdblquote  University of Waterloo, Waterloo, CA, March 5, 2008. }\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 21  Courses Taught\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {Undergraduate} {\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  Introduction to Systems Programming\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  Introduction to Digital Logic\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  Advanced Digital Projects\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  Operating Systems\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  Introduction to AI Robotics\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  Programming Languages\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  Senior Projects\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  Introduction to Computer Science }\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 22  \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {Graduate} {\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  Digital Forensics\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  Computer Architecture\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  Markov Decision Processes\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  Reinforcement Learning\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  Advanced Operating Systems\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  Intelligent Systems\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  Introduction to AI Robotics\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  All-terrain Robotics }\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 23  Graduate Students Advised\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {Doctoral Students} { \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Brett Moore, Graduated April, 2010\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Arisoa Randrianasolo, expected gradutation in May 2012\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Eddy Borera, expected gradutation December 2012\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 }\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 24  \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {Master\rquote s Students} {\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Amit Yadav, expected gradutation in May 2012\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Shubham Shukla, graduated in May, 2011\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Mahdi Naser-Moghadasi, graduated in May, 2010\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Arisoa Randrianasolo, graduated in May, 2010\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Eddy Borera, graduated in May, 2010\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Nguyen Bach, graduated in May, 2010\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 ChengCheng Li, graduated in May, 2005\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Srividya Kona, graduated in May, 2002\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Ajay Bansal, graduated in May, 2002\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Bharani Ellore, graduated in December, 2002\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Todd Quasny, graduated in December, 2003\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Julian Hooker, graduated in May, 2004\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Krishnan Pazhayanoor,graduated in December, 2004\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Karan Gupta, graduated in May, 2005\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Roger Coffey, expected graduation in May, 2009\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Derik Dalton, expected graduation in December, 2009\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 }\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 25  References\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {William M. Marcy,}{Department Chair and Former Provost, Texas Tech University, Department of Computer Science, Box 43104, Lubbock, TX 79409, Telephone: (806)742\endash 3970, Email: william.marcy@ttu.edu}\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 26  \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {Susan Mengel,}{Associate Chair, Department of Computer Science, Texas Tech University, Box 43104, Lubbock, TX 79409. Telephone: (806) 742\endash 3527 Email: susan.mengel@ttu.edu}\par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 27  \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 {Henry Hexmoor,}{Department of Computer Science, Southern Illinois University at Carbondale, Faner Hall, Room 2130, Carbondale, IL 62901, Telephone: (618)453\endash 6047, Email: Hexmoor@gmail.com }\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 {2em} {0em} \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 {{prospectus}} { \par
\column
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 {{{\par
\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Larry D. Pyeatt \par
\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Statement of Teaching Goals \par
}}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 {1029 East Saint Francis St.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Rapid City, SD 57701 \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 ldpyeatt@gmail.com \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 (806)241-6151}\par
{\footer\pard\plain\tqc\tx5239\tqr\tx10479 \tab
\tab
\par}
{\header\pard\plain\tqc\tx5239\tqr\tx10479 \tab
Larry D. Pyeatt \pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Teaching Goals\tab
\chpgn \par}
\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi20 I take teaching very seriously and strive to do the best job that I can. I have worked in industry and routinely bring that experience to the classroom to help prepare students to enter the work-force. Several students have attributed their success in industry to taking one or more of my classes. My overall philosophy of teaching can be described as follows:\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 {\b Continuous Improvement:} Not only is Computer Science a rapidly changing field, but new pedagogies are being developed all of the time. If a course does not change, then it becomes outdated. This is true of any field, but especially true for Computer Science. Thus, I work for continuous improvement in my course materials, content, and teaching style. This applies to not only the classes that I am teaching, but also to my duty to help determine and improve the curriculum for the department.\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 {\b Active Learning:} Active learning gets the student involved so that they learn the material at a deeper level than rote memorisation. In-class discussions and course projects are excellent ways to involve the students. The homework and projects should be chosen carefully to reinforce the most important concepts in the course. As students progress and mature, they should take more of the responsibility for learning. At some point, they can become their own teachers. That is the point at which they are truly educated.\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 {\b Appropriate Rewards:} Students should get the grade they earn. What many students want is to get the highest possible grades for the least amount of work. That is natural and should be expected. However, teachers have a responsibility to display fairness and integrity. It is important to set expectations, tell the students what the expectations are, and tie grades to how well the students meet those expectations.\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb340 \fi20 Courses that I enjoy teaching include robotics, artificial intelligence, digital logic, architecture, operating systems, assembly language, and real-time systems. Courses that I would like to teach if given the opportunity include genetic algorithms, speech recognition, planning, machine vision, Markov decision processes, discrete mathematics, data structures, system administration, and compiler construction. In addition to these preferences, I am competent and willing to teach any traditional computer science course at either the undergraduate or graduate level.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi20 My greatest teaching achievement involves a student who had a low GPA and was in danger of dropping out of the program. He confided in me that his dream was to be a mission controller for NASA. He also indicated that he was interested in robotics, so I told him that I would work with him on two conditions: he was to make a 4.0 GPA in the coming semester, and meet with me weekly for an independent study in reinforcement learning. At the end of the semester, he had achieved all A\rquote s and had a good basic understanding of reinforcement learning. More than that, our relationship had developed into a mentorship. By Fall of his senior year, he was doing research. He published his first paper as a senior and published another in his first year of graduate school. Not only did he blossomed academically, but he also decided to work towards a PhD. \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi20 About one year into his dissertation, we were working on a research project with a group from NASA and he got the opportunity of a lifetime. He was offered a position as a mission controller on the International Space Station. I was sad to see him take the position, but also happy for him. Not many people get to achieve their dreams. My mentorship of him has given me a new perspective on teaching and advising: Some students need a teacher to get them interested and involved, and I can be that teacher. Nothing could be more personally rewarding.\par
\column
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi20 {{{\par
\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 Larry D. Pyeatt \par
\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 Statement of Research Goals \par
}}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi20 {1029 East Saint Francis St.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 Rapid City, SD 57701 \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 ldpyeatt@gmail.com \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 (806)241-6151}\par
{\footer\pard\plain\tqc\tx5239\tqr\tx10479 \tab
\tab
\par}
{\header\pard\plain\tqc\tx5239\tqr\tx10479 \tab
Larry D. Pyeatt \pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 Research Goals\tab
\chpgn \par}
\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi20 My main research interests are probabilistic AI techniques and mobile robot navigation in complex unstructured environments. My most recent work deals with robust control and learning for partially observable, uncertain, and non-stationary environments, and using machine learning techniques to control sedation of surgical patients. My research interests can be divided into three general areas: {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 {\b Probabilistic Techniques:} I am investigating partially observable Markov decision process (POMDP) techniques. My research in this area is aimed at efficiently finding exact and approximate policies for POMDP problems. So far, the application domain for this work has been autonomous mapping and navigation of indoor environments. My next goal is to extend the current techniques to work in large outdoor environments. Outdoor robotics pose several grand challenges in the area of mobile robotics.\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 {\b Sensor Modeling:} In order to use the probabilistic mapping techniques, it is necessary to convert a stream of sensor data into a stream of local maps. Data from multiple local maps, possibly generated from different sensors, can be fused to form a global map. For some sensors, such as laser and sonar, the sensor model is well understood and easy to implement. However, no good model for stereo vision exists.\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 {\b Learning Actions:} The behaviors that humans perform are quite often either completely reflexive or were learned at an early age and have since become reflexive in nature. Higher level behaviors are ordered sets of these sub-cognitive behaviors. I am very interested in developing solutions for learning these low-level sub-cognitive behaviors in order to provide them to intelligent agents for ordering in high-level behaviors. For my dissertation work, I developed a framework for using POMDP based navigation with reinforcement learning (RL) to provide adaptive low-level actions. This work was a proof of concept and was done completely in simulation. Some of my current work is aimed at extending the architecture to run on a real robot. \par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb300 \fi20 My future research plans involve continued effort in learning and control, and application of probabilistic techniques in domains other than robotics. In particular, I am interested in applying probabilistic machine learning techniques in healthcare and clinical settings. I have also begun investigating distributed computing and adaptive wireless networks to support computation and communication between computers, sensors, and robots. I would also enjoy working on issues of human-robot interaction, including gesture recognition, learning through imitation, and understanding high-level spoken commands.\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi20 {}\par
}}
